

This one is actually just telling you what it looks like on.Because I look, well, actually look like.Meal 6IN Dark mode macOS.It has pretty good collabs.Stakeholders out, we're kind of still exploring the collaboration features, but the idea is that we'll kind of rework before we do know that's kind of very e-mail base to a point where we send stakeholders. We will either give Sakles access to the platform or send them a link to the build in the platform and they'll be able to see the screenshots in it and highlight and comment.on


PDF.How you can?We can investigate the best solution onto that.Everest also has one of the best in class analytics tool, so one really cool things that you can do.That the other ones don't is that it can tell you, it can give you analysis and how long I use spends reading.3 seconds.To walk on and stuff like that, it provides that kind of insight.



Tools for analytics like this because strongly.Hockey analytics spelled then. But if a stakeholder does want to catch that kind of insight, and maybe at the one off.Perhaps more than anything else, wonder features that most look forward to is the visual.

Personalized.And hope and the next portion of this kind of rollout is we just kind of going in kind of flashing on testing this kind of stuff and hopefully being an important all of our brands standard e-mail templates in so that instead of.You know, instead of having to go and find the quote template and then pull it in, quote it manually, just come and see.And then we just selected different component mark blocks dragon.

You know, just being able to kind of highlight and change words within here and images.They kind of like intuitive way that most other companies in our industry.Playing catch up and so you can kind of look forward.No details on this as you get.These stages of its rollout.

You know, just being able to kind of highlight and change words within here and images.They kind of like intuitive way that most other companies in our industry.Playing catch up and so you can kind of look forward.No details on this as you get.These stages of its rollout.23 minutes in with the time we have remaining, I've announced.You guys a little.






----------
Anything that we learned What?Stand for this.That's kind of like what we kind of want you guys to she.Inside these reports.Any questions on that or the applications?Yeah, I had a question.Just about the needle mover stuff.I'm just like we don't really get an insight into how like.The businesses impacted often firework like, I'm not sure like how we're supposed to come up with the predictions of like this ship.Revenue by 5% or whatever. I, I thought that was kind of like what stakeholders do. I don't know, am I misinformed there?Just confused about that part.Yeah, sure. And I'll, I'll treat things as in that one there number one, it's OK to to leave it blank or.Put in more than you think you might need, or just kind of to.You know, to try to give it a shot in your first couple of lights you see your supervisor will give you feedback on and that kind of stuff and you can learn to kind of align and kind of predict that over iterations. So that's that's fine. Should feel pressured about that number 2.Every amp should have estimates on what business impact it should.And so if that's not the case, it should be, it should be on the feedback that stakeholder Shia in their brief, because you know, guys in general we should only be working and stuff.Give the business money.We need to be involved.What other impacts, expected impact? It wasn't pointing things we're doing and there's all these cracks are telling us you need to demand that to them and that's.#3.Hoping.Direction.you

Consulted and kind of help to lean on in terms of understanding the impact of the things that we do. And so I know it's gonna be what you guys will have some trouble kind of predict now and that's fine because the Marcos and producers are also doing the same reports and so if you guys aren't sure about what falls aside.Yeah, as you might still be something new so you guys can discuss it as a UPS unit.So that's.




Consulted and kind of help to lean on in terms of understanding the impact of the things that we do. And so I know it's gonna be what you guys will have some trouble kind of predict now and that's fine because the Marcos and producers are also doing the same reports and so if you guys aren't sure about what falls aside.Yeah, as you might still be something new so you guys can discuss it as a UPS unit.So that's.


Impact.Every single thing we do impacts the business. So it's like, do I just end up putting everything on it? I'm like, if I build a bonus, as simple as it is, if I build it incorrectly, I could impact business. If I build it correctly, I could still impact the business. So I'm just like.I'm I'm a bit.I guess as I work along with it I'm trying to understand like what do I put on? What do I not put on this?Because everything I do.Impact.Wrong.Something in it.every single

As part of your.In the sense that you know you will tell them if you made an error on the builder. For the most part every error that that in any kind.Goes out will be added as a mess that's like amidst any kind of miss is kind of a miss for the.She would.Is there any way to expect you to prove that no matter?No matter what scale it happens, you wanna include anywhere about the stop from doing your work if strong male was done for half of the day and.You have to sit like long.To get.I will usually access include.And then I'll just kind of input an overall across the team that.Because of multiprocess might see that same kind of pattern that strongly hasn't been an issue and it's based on for this many times this week and impacts us with this by this winter hours. So a lot of kind of compilation and summarization is done.And Sam is the one that does that, by the way, in terms of compiling everyone's all spark into one thing for the entire.But yes, think of what you'd be relevantly supra.They might not need to know.Descent correctly again this time because you slap me doesn't.Don't be you stuff for the most part.the date

A lot of stuff we do, even though we're bringing in sports, it's going to be very repetitive like for us.The rewards store every month, it's the conversion sends every week. So it's like how do we put in what we're sharing in one-on-one versus what we're adding to COI as as misses or hits because every week we're sending it every week we're hitting.It's just, it's just repetitive. The same thing will run over. So it's like, yeah, you know, it's kind of a struggle. Yeah. And it's totally fine if you if you don't find anything to add for any or.That's totally fine. Not everybody will have.Happening every.But what I will say is the focus on what's transformation.And so if you if, if one day Alex get up and say I will, you're gonna change the way that we do our monthly things and it's gonna be based on.Like, like you know, if they say it will be based purely on this type of bone instead of this type of bonus and we're gonna do this new program launch with this transformation.

That makes any sense?I have a very important question, Kenneth. I guess I think important for everyone.So for example if we have new project amp, I don't know and.Stakeholders estimate.For that project is that this is gonna impact business positively by 5% and I work on that project and I launched that campaign. Do I get to ask for a pay raise?See, the good thing about that is that that's the question for Sam. So I don't need to. It's a yes or no kind of say yes or no question. I can't.The escape this one. But you cannot ask. OK, I I think I'm at a a kindred soul here.Thank you.I think we've run over our half an hour slot and so that's pretty much it unless you guys have any questions or anything you want to talk about. Yeah, who's on call this.I have a question.They asked me if I have a.Since every markup has to do this report, am I wrong to assume it shouldn't be like a collective thing of what happened that week? So for example I'm updating my PC, I am I just putting what I did that impacted the business or am I supposed to say hey?On Ignition this week, this is what happened. That makes sense.Like.Quote.From my understanding.And so even if you sit down with your partner markups and say, hey, what all?One thing and then copy it out each other things. For me personally, that's fine because it's.








































